                  TRAJECTORY DATA LICENSE AGREEMENT

1. License Grant.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this data
license agreement (the "Agreement"), D. E. Shaw Research, LLC
("DESRES") grants to LICENSEE a limited, royalty-free license, on a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, and non-sublicensable
basis, to install and use for non-commercial research (as defined
below) certain DESRES molecular dynamics trajectories that may, from
time to time, be requested by LICENSEE and any associated
documentation that may be provided with such trajectories.  The
specific trajectory data and associated documentation downloaded by
LICENSEE or otherwise provided to LICENSEE hereunder are collectively
referred to herein as the "DATASETS."  The DATASETS may be accessed,
held, or otherwise used only with a valid license under this
Agreement.  This Agreement confers a valid license only to (a)
academic or other not-for-profit research entities and (b) individuals
who are affiliated with such entities, in each case (a) and (b),
provided that such entities and/or individuals use the DATASETS
exclusively for non-commercial research purposes on behalf of such
entities.  Upon any change in LICENSEE's status as or affiliation with
a not-for-profit research organization, or in LICENSEE's use of the
DATASETS exclusively for non-commercial research, all licenses granted
hereunder shall terminate immediately with or without any notice by
DESRES.  If LICENSEE wishes to continue using the DATASETS after any
such termination, LICENSEE must apply for a new DATASETS license, any
approval of which application shall be at DESRES's sole discretion.
Use of the DATASETS is restricted to non-commercial research conducted
by LICENSEE and, if LICENSEE is an organization, LICENSEE's employees,
research advisees, and students ("Authorized Users").  The term
"non-commercial research" means any academic or other research which
(x) is not undertaken for profit and (y) is not intended to produce
results, works, services, or data for commercial use by anyone.  Any
other parties (including, without limitation, any collaborators of
LICENSEE) wishing to install or use the DATASETS may do so only if
such parties have executed a separate license agreement with DESRES
giving such parties the right to do so.  DESRES reserves all rights
not expressly granted herein.

2. Representations and Warranties.  LICENSEE hereby represents and
warrants that:
a. LICENSEE has the necessary authority to enter into this Agreement;
b. all information that LICENSEE has provided or will hereafter
   provide in connection with this Agreement is and will be correct
   and complete;
c. LICENSEE qualifies for the non-commercial license granted hereunder
   on the basis of the criteria specified herein; and
d. LICENSEE will abide by, and will ensure that all of its Authorized
   Users abide by, the terms and conditions set forth in this
   Agreement.

3. Restrictions.  LICENSEE may make copies of the DATASETS only as
necessary for its internal use in accordance with this Agreement, and
for bona fide backup or archival purposes.  LICENSEE shall not: (a)
modify, translate, or adapt the DATASETS (except for the generation of
any reports or publications of results obtained with the DATASETS);
(b) rent, lease, loan, sell, transfer, publish, display, or distribute
the DATASETS, or make the DATASETS available to third parties, or use
the DATASETS, or any portion thereof, in a service bureau,
time-sharing, or outsourcing service, or otherwise use the DATASETS
for the benefit of third parties; (c) remove or alter any proprietary
rights notices on the DATASETS; (d) export, import, or re-export the
DATASETS in violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation of
any jurisdiction; (e) disclose, without DESRES's prior written
approval, the DATASETS, whether in whole or in part, other than as
expressly authorized hereunder.  LICENSEE shall notify DESRES
immediately of any actual or imminent unauthorized access to, or use
or disclosure of, the DATASETS.  LICENSEE recognizes that the
unauthorized use or disclosure of any of the foregoing will give rise
to irreparable injury to DESRES, its affiliates, and/or its licensors
for which monetary damages may be an inadequate remedy; and LICENSEE
agrees that DESRES, its affiliates, and/or its licensors may seek and
obtain injunctive relief against the breach or threatened breach of
LICENSEE's obligations hereunder, in addition to any other legal and
equitable remedies which may be available.

4. Acknowledgement and Citation.  LICENSEE agrees to acknowledge the
use of any DATASETS in any reports or publications of results obtained
with the DATASETS by including the citation language contained in the
"README.txt" file that is included in the distribution of the
applicable DATASETS.

5. Delivery.  In certain circumstances, LICENSEE will be able to
download the DATASETS from a website made available by DESRES.  In
other circumstances, DESRES may elect instead to deliver the DATASETS
to LICENSEE on physical storage media (e.g., a hard drive or a flash
drive) provided by DESRES or LICENCEE, ("STORAGE MEDIA"), as
determined by DESRES in its sole discretion.

6. Fees.  The License granted by this Agreement is granted free of
charge.  However, LICENSEE may be charged fees with respect to the
delivery of any DATASETS in order to defray the cost of STORAGE MEDIA,
shipping, and other expenses incurred in connection with the
preparation and delivery of the DATASETS to LICENSEE.  DESRES will
separately communicate the applicable fees to LICENSEE prior to
delivery of the DATASETS.  LICENSEE agrees to pay any such fees within
30 days of receipt of the DATASETS.  In addition, LICENSEE will be
responsible for any taxes, customs duties, or other charges incurred
in connection with receipt and use by LICENSEE of the DATASETS or
STORAGE MEDIA.

7. Disclaimer of Warranties and Liabilities.  LICENSEE acknowledges
that the DATASETS are a research tool.  The DATASETS, any website made
available by DESRES, and any STORAGE MEDIA are provided "as is."  For
the avoidance of doubt, DESRES and its licensors shall have no
maintenance, upgrade, availability, or support obligations with
respect to the DATASETS, any website made available by DESRES, or any
STORAGE MEDIA.  DESRES, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS
SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT THE DATASETS,
ANY WEBSITE MADE AVAILABLE BY DESRES, OR ANY STORAGE MEDIA WILL BE
ACCURATE OR ERROR-FREE OR MEET LICENSEE'S PARTICULAR REQUIREMENTS.
LICENSEE AGREES THAT DESRES, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS
SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES WITH RESPECT
TO ANY CLAIM BY LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS AGREEMENT, USE OF THE DATASETS OR ANY DERIVATIVE WORK BASED ON
THE DATASETS, ANY WEBSITE MADE AVAILABLE BY DESRES, OR ANY STORAGE
MEDIA.

8. Ownership Rights.  LICENSEE acknowledges that the DATASETS are the
sole and exclusive property of, and are valuable, confidential, and
proprietary to, DESRES and its licensors, including, without
limitation, all rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade
secrets, and any other intellectual property and proprietary rights
inherent therein or appurtenant thereto, in all media now known or
hereinafter developed, and LICENSEE shall protect the foregoing to at
least the same extent that it protects its own proprietary
information, but using no less than a reasonable standard of care.
LICENSEE is not purchasing title to the DATASETS or copies thereof,
but rather is being granted only a limited license to use the DATASETS
only in accordance with this Agreement.  Except in compliance with the
citation requirements of Section 4, LICENSEE shall not use DESRES or
its affiliates or licensors' names or marks or employee names, or
adaptations thereof, in any advertising, promotional, sales, or other
materials without the prior written consent of DESRES or, if and as
applicable, of DESRES's affiliates or licensors.  LICENSEE shall
inform DESRES promptly in writing of any actual or alleged
infringement of DESRES or its licensors' rights and of any available
evidence thereof.

9. Term and Termination.  LICENSEE's license with respect to the
DATASETS shall be perpetual, subject to DESRES's rights to terminate
this Agreement.  Any and all rights granted to LICENSEE hereunder
shall terminate immediately upon LICENSEE's breach of, or
non-compliance with, any provisions of this Agreement.  In addition,
DESRES may terminate the license granted in this Agreement by
providing written notice of termination to LICENSEE in its sole
discretion.  In the event of any termination of this Agreement for any
reason, LICENSEE shall discontinue all use of the DATASETS and shall
either (a) promptly return all copies of the DATASETS to DESRES, or
(b) subject to DESRES's prior consent, provide DESRES with a
certificate of destruction of all copies of the DATASETS.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, only Paragraph 1 of this Agreement
shall not survive the termination of this Agreement.

10. General.  This Agreement and its enforcement shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York,
without regard to conflicts-of-law principles that would require
application of the law of another jurisdiction.  The exclusive venue
for any action relating to this Agreement shall be the state and
federal courts situated in the State of New York, County of New York,
and each party expressly consents to the jurisdiction of such courts.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, relating to the
subject matter hereof.  This Agreement may not be modified or altered
except by written instrument duly executed by both parties.  If any
provision of this Agreement is deemed to be unenforceable, that
provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted to effect
the parties' intentions hereunder, and the remainder of this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect.  The failure of either party
to exercise any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver
of any right hereunder.
